# Roam Ready Android App
This project provided me with a valuable introduction to programming for Android mobile devices
through the use of a software development kit (SDK). During the course, I gained hands-on experience
in installing and utilizing an SDK, creating a basic Android application with a graphical user
interface (GUI), and adapting applications for various mobile devices. I also learned how to save
data, run and debug applications using emulators, and successfully deploy an Android app. As a
result, I developed a planner that allows users to schedule custom vacations, complete with
excursions, validation, and CRUD functionality. Additionally, I enhanced the user experience by
implementing date scheduling, alerts, and sharing features, and I produced a user guide along with
a signed APK to facilitate the app's deployment on the Google Play Store.

# INSTRUCTIONS
To access the Vacation List page, start at the home screen and click the Get Started button. For
sample data, tap the three dots in the upper right corner and select Add Sample. Return to the Home
Page, click Get Started again, and the sample data will appear.

To add a new vacation, click the + button at the bottom of the Vacation List page to open the
Vacation Details page. Enter the vacation title, hotel name, start date, and end date, then save by
clicking the three dots and selecting Save Vacation. Related excursions will be displayed, and you
can set alerts by choosing Alert Start, Alert End, or Alert Full from the menu. To share all
vacation details, including excursions, select Share from the same menu.

To update vacation information, go to the Vacation List page, select the vacation, make your
changes, and save by clicking the three dots. To delete a vacation, select it, click the three
dots, and choose Delete Vacation. Ensure the end date is after the start date.

To add an excursion, go to the Vacation Details page of the desired vacation, click the + button in
the bottom right corner to access the Excursion Details page, enter the excursion title and date,
and save the information.

# Android Version Signed APK
The signed APK is deployed to Android 8.0 and above

# GitLab Link
https://gitlab.com/wgu-gitlab-environment/student-repos/bsm2291/d308-mobile-application-
development-android/-/tree/working_branch?ref_type=heads